
Lyrinth Bible

1. Creation
In an unknown time a god all knowing and powerfull sought to create a world which it could watch. From itself it created the planet known as Lyrinth. It covered Lyrinth with water and dotted it with land. The biggest of these land masses would be named by its inhabitants as "Lyrinth".
The god then created a ball of eternal fire known as the "sun" and placed it at the center. Lyrinth was the gods most prized creation yet it was unsatisfied. Lyrinth was unmoving and unchanging. The god created the moon to pull the sea apart creating waves that would breath life into the land. Changing it ever so slightly.
Despite this the god remained unsatisfied and devised another solution. From itself it created the spirits. Each with its own unique purpose. These spirits would reside in the spirit realm a place where the spirits could influence the gods creation. With their new task the spirits began to work.

2. Spirits
The forest spirit was amoung the first to influence the land. From itself it shed seeds of all kinds. Populating the land with all sort of flora. The forest spirit also created many unqiue beigns known as amorians. Each amorian was different some where small, other large. Some had wings, some had claws, some had none at all.
Unlike the flora the amorians where granted the abilty to move and interact with their environment. Amorians however lacked the abilty to think simply acting on survival instinct. For every action the spirit did onto the physical realm a small portion of itself was transfered into the physical realm. This meant that the spirits could forever create but the power which they could instill into their creations would increasingly dwindle.
Flora and amorians drew little power from the spirits and thus had relativly little affect on the land. After the world was populated with lesser beigns the spirits began to create new more powerfull beigns.

3. Wizzards
The wizzards where created by the spirits and contained significant power to alter the land. This power steamed from two things the first being their ability to have self thought and action and the second being their ability to channel in the physical realm. The wizzards while gifted with freedom where also given the task of enacting the will of their respective spirits. This task was in equal power to their free will. With the spirits power mostly utilized they became dormant watching and guiding their wizzards.
With thought came the first era known as the Ancient Era. When the wizzards first sprouted from the land they where weak and deffenceless. The wizzards learned to feed off of the flora and amorians but so did some of the amorians. Not long after the first wizzards came the "invention" of magic (channeling in the physical realm). With magic the wizzards where able to split their own power and utilize it to enact change in the physical realm. Most wizards used their own power to channel but some stronger ones found other sources of power to draw from.
With this magic the wizzards began to alter the land. Despite the wizzards magic they where still mortal. The more vigorus and frequent they channeled the faster they would run out of their power (all be it over the course of hundreds of years). Trying to preserve their own power while also carrying out the will of their spirit the wizzards began to experiment with ways to achieve both goals at the same time.
Eventually they discovered that they could draw power from their spirits which could be used to channel with. This spirit power could not be used to channel something of greater power than the wizzard itself. Some wizzards drew dirrectly from their spirit creating halflings. Halflings where sparse as it required powerfull wizzards to draw exclusivly from the spirit. What was more common where quartlings which where drawn by both the power of the wizzard and the power of the spirit significantly decreaing the wizzards power usage.
With this new found discovery the wizzards created what are refered to as the races of Lyrinth that being Fishlings, Fledglings, Windlings, Trolls, Elfs, Sandlings, and Warriors. Extremely few wizzards had or wanted to create quartlings. Those that did saw themselves as superior to quartlings in every way. Quartlings where similar to wizzards in that they had free will but they lacked the ability to channel and the will of their spirit.
The wizzards would use the quartlings to strengthen themselves and conquer the various regions of Lyrinth.

4. The War of Wind & the Great Barrier
The first wizzards to try and conquer Lyrinth were the wind wizzards. Around five thousand years A.T. the wind wizzards under the control of Tornidon The Powerfull would lay seige to the tribes of Lyrinth. The quartlings having never fought before where left defenseless. The other wizzards came togther and channeled what became known as the Great Barrier.
As quickly as the Wind had taken over Lyrinth they where pushed from their homes by the storm. The feirce wind and lightning blowing the Windlings and wizards apart. The Great Barrier would settle around the island of Lyrinth. This would seperate the main island of Lyrinth from the rest of the islands.
After ensuring their saftey the remaining wizzards formed the Council of wizzards dedicated to ensuring no such conflicts would occur again that would threaten the balance of power in Lyrinth. As the years went on the tribes would spread out to every far region of Lyrinth. The realization of what existed beyond the Great Barrier would be forget by the quartlings. As the quartlings grew in population the amount of conflicts began to grow. Around fifty thousand years A.T the Great Wizzard War would begin.

5. The Great Wizzard War
Lyrinth now had to many inhabitants to share the land without overlap. The wizzards, only caring about their spirit saw the others tribes as inferior. This tribal supremacy would lead the tribes to war and would utterly ravage the land of Lyrinth. When the dust settled 98% of the wizzards where dead and those who remained where secluded. The quartlings would now had to fend for themselves.

6. Quartlings & Middle Time (M.T.)
The years following the Great Wizzard War would be brutal for the quartlings. Without leaders the quartlings began to select their own. This gave birth to the very first kings and queens of Lyrinth. These rulers began to rebuild leaving the old wizzard capital to fall into ruin.
With the wizzards gone and order some what restored the quartlings began to develop. They grew smarter and their kingdoms grew and became more dense. Their ideology of racial supremacy still lingered and small scale wars over territory and resources where very common. The War of Power would begin around eight thousand M.T. when the warriors led by the Warrior King Battlekus decided to conquer all of Lyrinth.

7. The War of Power
Battlekus was the first king to equipe their soldier with weapons of war. This would give the warriors the upper hand they needed to compete with the likes of Trolls, Fledglings, & Fishlings. The armory efforts would require significant resources. Something the warriors did not have an abundance of and so they decided to concquer the Elfs land which was rich in metals and other critical materials.
The warriors easilly began to take the Elf cities slaughtering and enslaving its people. This came to a stop when Battlekus reached the Elf capital and met face to face with the Elf Queen Dianod. Dianod reasoned that if Battlekus took the elf land by force they would succeed in the short term but would eventually run out of resources. Dianod offered a deal. Spare her people and in return they will help wage the warriors war and provide the resources needed to fuel the war.
While initially skeptical Battlekus would agree to the deal and the elfs would join the war on the warriors side. From there the warriors continued marching west until they reached the Trolls land. The trolls tall, strong, and hard to see amoung the rocks had the home advantage. That coupled with their vast cave systems made it very hard for the warriors to capture and kill the Trolls leading to a stalemate on the western front. Up north would also pose a challenge to the warriors. 
The Fledglings and the Fishlings shared a very close often overlapping border. To get to the fishlings the warriors would have to traverse underwater where they were very weak and untrained at combat. Furthermore to reach the fledglings the warriors would have to manage slow air ballons (often a raft with a hot air ballon in the center with poor means of steering) which could easilly be knocked out of the sky. Then one night a blinding light came from the sky and from it came what looked to be an asteroid brighter than any seen before.
It appeared to have crashed halfway between the Old Wizzard Capital and Central Lyrinth. That very night Battlekus would see a premishion. In it he went to where the asteriod had crashed and what he found was a stone capable of makeing him more powerfull than any wizard recorded before. This stone would be named the "Power Stone" and had the ability to grant any user (not just wizzard) the power to channel exclusivly using the power of the Power Spirit. Early that morning Battlekus would mobalize the majority of his troops to securing the stone.
If Battlekus were to get his hands on the power stone he would be able to finally reach the other races and rule Lyrinth under the Warrior race. In an attempt to restore balance the Spirit of Balance created Alderin and Eldrin at the old wizzard capital. Unlike other wizards these two where born from the same source. Eldrin shared only the will of his spirit while Aldrin shared only his own will. 
The Spirit of Balance ordered Aldrin and Eldrin to create the Goblins a weaker but more populus race that would be able to challenge the warriors. By the time their army was ready the Warriors where around eight days away from the power stone. Aldrin and Eldrin would lead their army to the power stone where they would meet Battlekus's army. The battle was fierce but Aldrin and Eldrin where able to get the upper hand and reach the power stone before Battlekus.
In the end Battlekus was slayed and the warriors where pushed back into their original territory. Alderin and Elderin split the power stone and shared the power equilly. From then on they along with their goblin army would halt wars and bring balance to Lyrinth.

7.5. The Sandling Revolt
As a result of the sandlings environment being unbearably hot no other races but the sandlings occupied the southern most region of Lyrinth. After centuries of isolation the sandlings had built up a formidable population. The sand Wizzard Sandimon The Grainy had lead the sandlings for centuries and seeing the weakend state of Lyrinth decided now was the perfect time to attack. However the defeat of the Warriors at the hands of Aldrin and Eldrin sent fear into the sandlings. 
The Sand Wizzard was unfaised however and was meer days away from launching an all out invasion of Lyrinth. The sandlings however had enough and decided to revolt. They gathered both soldiers and common folk for their cause and began the Sandling Revolt. This revolt would end in the death of Sandimon along with the death of half of all sandlings and the complete destruction of the sandling society and structures. This revolt would take centuries for the sandlings to heal from.

8. Fledgling Fishling War
Around ten thousand M.T. Alderin and Eldrin would face another large scale war. After years of relativly low wars the Fledglings had too great of a population for their floating islands. And so they lifted more into the sky to build new homes. This cast some of the fishlings farm land into darkness starving them. The Fishling Wizzard Bass declared war on the fledglings. He used his power to raise towers of water directly upward toward the fledgling islands.
One by one the fledgling towns and citys fell to the fishlings. The fledglings came to Aldrin and Eldrin and pleaded for their help. Aldrin and Eldrin agreed and they began to prepare to invade the fishling territory. Aldrin was tasked with pushing the fishlings out of the fledgling territories. Eldrin was tasked with vanquishing the Wizard Bass. The fledglings flew platoons of goblins up to the islands along with Aldrin. In the mean time Eldrin bought the fledlings time to transport them to the islands.
After brutal fighting and almost drowning in a tower of water the Wizzard Bass was killed stoping the water towers. Before leaving Aldrin and Eldrin pushed the new islands away from the fishlings farm land and made the fledglings and fishlings begin negotiations to stop the conflict. While the war was over the hatetred between the fishlings and fledglings remained for centuries.

9. Build up
Around fifteen thousand M.T. the amount of conflicts requiring the Goblins had dropped to around zero and so the Goblins where allowed to retire and live amoung Lyrinth like the other races. They inhabeted Lyrinths Capital which was located at the center of Lyrinth. Over the course of centuries the Goblins became deeply attatched with the belief that they where the superior race of Lyrinth that it caused a perminant rift between Aldrin & Eldrin and the goblins.
The warriors saw this as an opportunity and offered their aid to the two wizards. While they initially rejected the proposal they eventually agreed as conflicts demanded it. The goblins where forced out of the capital and relocated to the old wizzard capital. With the warriors and Aldrin and Eldrin general peace was maintained for centuries.

10. The First Battle For Lyrinth
Around twenty thousand M.T. Eldrin would have a premishion. In it he forsaw his death at the hands of the Warrior Prince Blade. Prince Blade was only two years old at the time but Aldrin was uncaring. He snuck into Blades room and was meer moments away from killing Blade before the Warrior King Swordon confronted Aldrin. Enraged he called his guards along with Eldrin who was heartbroken to see what his brother had become. Eldrin knew that Aldrin had to be killed but before he could kill Aldrin, Aldrin escaped.
Aldrin was no where to be found but intel from the royal fledglings suggested he had made his way to the Goblin Capital. Fearing the worst King Swordon raised his entire army including some of the elf divisions to find and slay Aldrin. During this time Aldrin reached the Goblin Capital and struck a deal with the Goblin King Nastron. In return for restoring the Goblins as the dominant race along with granting King Nastron with power the Goblins would kill Prince Blade.
Before the Warriors set out to kill Aldrin, Eldrin created to halflings to watch over the region as the local guards, militias, and soldiers where all needed in the battle. The first halfling he made was for the elfs. It was a tall and strong being made of a variety of different flora. Aldrin named it the Forest Guardian. The second halfling Aldrin made was a shining knight. He brandhished the power to summon lightning from his sword. Aldrin named him the Warrior Guardian and placed him to guard the Warrior's capital.
The Warrior King Swordon was also able to convince the other races to send in a small amount of troops to help in the attack. This the king was barely able to do. They gathered their troops near the entrance of the Goblin Capital. There on the field before the gates lay a giagantic hord of Goblins. Eldrin was flown into the Goblin Capital Building where he confronted Aldrin. His royal fledglings made quick work of the guards. Eldrin begged Aldrin to call of the attack. To surrender and they could be brothers again but Aldrin was unmoving.
He had made his decision. The fight was brutal but Eldrin was victorius. Before he cast the final blow he was struck aside by General Kron. General Kron was Eldrins halfling. A giant skeleton monster. Eldrin was no match for them both and was killed. Meanwhile on the battle field the warriors where winning the battle when suddenly a ray of light came from the capital building. Instantly the goblins became stronger. General Kron along with Aldrin made there way onto the battle field seeling the warriors fate.
King Swordon was forced to order a retread but it was too late. They where hunted down as they fled. Some of them along with the King managed to make their way back to the Warriors Capital but found that Eldrins halflings had turned on them. King Swordon gave his life fending off the goblins and the Warrior Guardian. His people would be almost wiped off the face of Lyrinth.

11. Rasing Prince Blade
Before the First Battle of Lyrinth King Swordon made his brother Speardon take his son Blade to an isolated mountain top deep in troll territory where he knew the Goblins would not reach them for a long time.
Speardon after not hearing back for months assumed the worst had happened. Speardon along with Prince Blade lived on the mountain. Speardon would train Blade every day refusing to hold back. When Blade turned eight teen he would finally get to put his skills to use.
In the middle of the night their house would be lit ablaze. Escaping the house they saw a legion of Goblins. While Blade and Speardon where able to defeat them Speardon took a fatal blow. In his dying breath Speardon told Blade to go to Lyrinths Capital and kill the Goblin King Nastron.
Only then would the other races join his effort in restoring balance and killing Aldrin. Blade would make his way down the mountain and into elf territory. As punishment for aiding the warriors the elfs where enslaved by the goblins and forced to exploit their lands resources.
Even still the elfs fought back. On his journy Blade would come across the Forest Guardian where they would battle. Blade would be victorius dealing a major blow to the Goblins control of the reagion. After this he met the Queen of the Elfs, Fernna. Before he left he vowed to return once he killed the Goblin King and free her people.
After weeks of traveling and fighting Blade reached the Dead Warrior Capital. There among the bodies he found his father brandishing his sword Reflodon. He took the sword and was ambushed by Goblins and the Warrior Guardian. Seeing the dead skeletons of his people he refused to hold back. He avenged his father by killing the Guardian which had killed him.
Eventually Blade made it to the Goblin Capital which was no longer located east in the old wizzard capital but rather central Lyrinth. Here he confronted the king. And with all his power and strength he slayed King Nastron.

12. Death of King Nastron
With the goblin king dead Aldrin was furious. He tightened his control of Lyrinth. He was furious Blade had not been delt with. While Aldrin originaly had not cared about genocide he know saw it as his only option to save himself as he knew the other races would unite and turn against him.
True to his word Blade returned to the elfs land and helped to erradicate the goblin presence in the region while also serving to cut the goblins in the troll region from resupplying. It was here that Blade became to assemble his army against Aldrin. While the elfs where no fighters they where better than nothing. Blades first move was to convice the Troll King Granite to join his cause.
King Granite was more than egar to agree to Blades proposal at the goblins had slowly begun to make their way into their territory. Now with the aid of the Trolls Blade made his way to the North in hopes of recruiting both the fledglings and the fishlings. There he would have to face off against the Air Demon and the Water Demon. Both of which were halfling creations made by Aldrin to erradicate the races before they would have the chance to turn against him.
After defeating the two halflings Blade had secured all of Lyrinth against the goblins and Aldrin. 

13. The Second Battle For Lyrinth
Blade led his troops onto the old wizard capital where Aldrin once again resided. This time on the field lay Aldrins entire goblin army along with General Kron. Blade knew that he needed to take out Aldrin in order to weaken the goblins enough for his army to be able to win. The fledglings flew Blade into Aldrins thrown room and they began to fight.
Blade dogged attack after attack managing to sneak in blows. Before Blade would deal the final blow he would get struck by Aldrins magic. While stuned Blades conshense would be transported to the spirit realm where he would be face to face with the Spirit of War and the Spirit of Balance. They told Blade to restore order. That he was the only one able to restore order.
Thanks to Reflodon his sword had absorbed most of the magic. In an instant he slashed Aldrin and watched him drop to the floor. Blade had avenged not only his people but had freed Lyrinth. With one more blow Blade destroyed the power stone. Blade knew the power stone was to dangerous to be left in tact. With the stone shattered the goblins enhancments vanished and they fell.
Blade returned to the battle field to see General Kron dead and the majority of the goblins defeated. Instead of ordering his troops to finish the goblins off like they had to his people he isntead ordered they put put into camps where they could be monitored and hopefully someday be integrated into Lyrinth.

14. Peace & Common Time (C.T.)
Blade would take his fathers thrown and become King Blade. He would marry the Elf Queen Fernna who would give birth to the first of many humans, warriors and elfs. The elfs and warriors had become so close their spirits had become intertwined giving way to the awakening of the human spirit.
Blade would be brought to tears to find that some of his people had survived. While not a lot around two hundred of his own people had survived the genocide. King Blade re-established the warrior capital along with Lyrinths capital for all the races to inhabit. The humans also established their own capital in between both the warrior capital and Lyrinth capital.
The humans where not as strong as warriors nor where they as resourcefull as elfs but they where great inventors. For many centuries Lyrinth would have peace.

15. The Druin War
Around one thousand C.T. Lyrinth would face another giant war. For centuries the Council of Lyrinth headed by every race's leader except for the goblins had maintained peace. This would change when one day a bright light mostly unseen by the rays of the sun would crash into the sandlings domain. It was almost immediatly discovered by nearby sandlings who where keepign watch. They brought the stone to their leader King Sunron who was joyus to see the stone.
With the power stone the King decided to end the sandlings policy of isolation and finally rejoin the other races of Lyrinth. He sent out a messaging party to talk to the representatives of Lyrinth. With the power stone King Sunron planned on first using the stone to grow the sandling empire and then use it to maintain peace in Lyrinth. That night was dark.
Very very dark. From the ground came the Druin the spawn of the Spirit of Chaos. They where taller than a warrior and where made of black cristal like gems. They where extremly strong and deadly. Urgon, Ergon, and Argon where their leaders. Argon being the king of the Druin. They quickly disposed of the guards and managed to over run the Sandling capital. 
In a panic King Sunron sent another messaging party to warn Lyrinth of the incoming threat just in case he failed to destroy the threat. King Sunron would give his life aiding his people escape the capital but was eventually slain by Argon. Argon split the stone in three parts the biggest going to Argon and the other parts going to Urgon and Ergon. With the power stone they summoned a dark cloud of smog to cover the sun. 
The first messaging party would succesfully reach the capital. The other races where baffled but eventually accepted the kings proposal. Then the next morning the second mesaging party arrived. This would be the councils first real test. They mobalized the bulk of their forces to defend the capital. Over the course of a month the Druin made their way across Lyrinth targeting the Troll's and Elf's domain and the goblin camps.
The council realized they where being surrounded. Not only this but the darkness had begun to grow and if they did not act soon they would run out of food. When all seemed lost a third solo messager arrived to the capital. It was not of any recognizable race. It brandished a sword and told the council why it was there. It said the sword it held had the power to make one into three. And that only with the sword would Ergon, Urgon, and Argon be defeated.
By stabbing the stones with the sword and then lifting the sword to the sky the Druin would be vanquished. And then he disapeared leaving only the sword. With no other option the council assesed their mighties fighters and landed on the Warrior Prince Razion a long long decendent of the fabboled King Blade. When they gave Razion the sword he split into three. One elf, one warrior, and one human. Each with a copy of the sword.
By now Lyrinth was in chaos. The goblins had fallen into a civil war with the Druin backing the supremisist goblins and the Council backing the reformation goblins. In the west the trolls and elfs where losing their cities to the druin forced to flee or die. The council decided that the elf Razion would defeat Urgon in the west, the human Razion would defeat Ergon in the east, and the warrior Razion would defeat Argon at the capital.
Razion was able to use his elf powers to free Trolls in internment camps and lead a revult from within deep Druin captured territory. With the backing of the trolls and elfs Urgon was defeated and Razion faded to dust.

16. After Math of the Druin War

17. The Stellion War & Mecha-Aldrin
