Lyrinth Bible

1. Creation
In an unknown time a god all knowing and powerfull sought to create a world which it could watch. From itself it created the planet known as Lyrinth. It covered Lyrinth with water and dotted it with land. The biggest of these land masses would be named by its inhabitants as "Lyrinth".
The god then created a ball of eternal fire known as the "sun" and placed it at the center. Lyrinth was the gods most prized creation yet it was unsatisfied. Lyrinth was unmoving and unchanging. The god created the moon to pull the sea apart creating waves that would breath life into the land. Changing it ever so slightly.
Despite this the god remained unsatisfied and devised another solution. From itself it created the spirits. Each with its own unique purpose. These spirits would reside in the spirit realm a place where the spirits could influence the gods creation. With their new task the spirits began to work.

2. Spirits
The forest spirit was amoung the first to influence the land. From itself it shed seeds of all kinds. Populating the land with all sort of flora. The forest spirit also created many unqiue beigns known as amorians. Each amorian was different some where small, other large. Some had wings, some had claws, some had none at all.
Unlike the flora the amorians where granted the abilty to move and interact with their environment. Amorians however lacked the abilty to think simply acting on survival instinct. For every action the spirit did onto the physical realm a small portion of itself was transfered into the physical realm. This meant that the spirits could forever create but the power which they could instill into their creations would increasingly dwindle.
Flora and amorians drew little power from the spirits and thus had relativly little affect on the land. After the world was populated with lesser beigns the spirits began to create new more powerfull beigns.

3. Wizards
The wizards where created by the spirits and contained significant power to alter the land. This power steamed from two things the first being their ability to have self thought and action and the second being their ability to channel in the physical realm. The wizards while gifted with freedom where also given the task of enacting the will of their respective spirits. This task was in equal power to their free will. With the spirits power mostly utilized they became dormant watching and guiding their wizards.
With thought came the first era known as the Ancient Era. When the wizards first sprouted from the land they where weak and deffenceless. The wizards learned to feed off of the flora and amorians but so did some of the amorians. Not long after the first wizards came the "invention" of magic (channeling in the physical realm). With magic the wizards where able to split their own power and utilize it to enact change in the physical realm. Most wizards used their own power to channel but some stronger ones found other sources of power to draw from.
With this magic the wizards began to alter the land. Despite the wizards magic they where still mortal. The more vigorus and frequent they channeled the faster they would run out of their power (all be it over the course of hundreds of years). Trying to preserve their own power while also carrying out the will of their spirit the wizards began to experiment with ways to achieve both goals at the same time.
Eventually they discovered that they could draw power from their spirits which could be used to channel with. This spirit power could not be used to channel something of greater power than the wizard itself. Some wizards drew dirrectly from their spirit creating halflings. Halflings where sparse as it required powerfull wizards to draw exclusivly from the spirit. What was more common where quartlings which where drawn by both the power of the wizard and the power of the spirit significantly decreaing the wizards power usage.
With this new found discovery the wizards created what are refered to as the races of Lyrinth that being Fishlings, Fledglings, Windlings, Trolls, Elfs, Sandlings, and Warriors. Extremely few wizards had or wanted to create quartlings. Those that did saw themselves as superior to quartlings in every way. Quartlings where similar to wizards in that they had free will but they lacked the ability to channel and the will of their spirit.
The wizards would use the quartlings to strengthen themselves and conquer the various regions of Lyrinth.

4. The War of Wind & the Great Barrier
The first wizards to try and conquer Lyrinth were the wind wizards. Around five thousand years A.T. the wind wizards under the control of Tornidon The Powerfull would lay seige to the tribes of Lyrinth. The quartlings having never fought before where left defenseless. The other wizards came togther and channeled what became known as the Great Barrier.
As quickly as the Wind had taken over Lyrinth they where pushed from their homes by the storm. The feirce wind and lightning blowing the Windlings and wizards apart. The Great Barrier would settle around the island of Lyrinth. This would seperate the main island of Lyrinth from the rest of the islands.
After ensuring their saftey the remaining wizards formed the Council of wizards dedicated to ensuring no such conflicts would occur again that would threaten the balance of power in Lyrinth. As the years went on the tribes would spread out to every far region of Lyrinth. The realization of what existed beyond the Great Barrier would be forget by the quartlings. As the quartlings grew in population the amount of conflicts began to grow.

5. Arachknight Troll War
Around ten thousand A.T. the wizard Aracdon would claim the depths of the western mountains as his own domain. The trolls had already claimed all of the western mountains as their own territories. To defend his claim Aracdon would create amorians known as Arachknights. These beast of amorians would have eight hairy legs attatched to their torso. From their torso stood upright another torso resembling that of a warrior or elf. From it a giant head with many eyes. On both sides of the torso where two giant arms.
These amorians where brutally strong and very capable of competing with the trolls. Aracdon would lead his amorians to conquer all of the troll teritory. The troll wizards where able to halt the arachknights but began to slowly lose their footing in the reagion. The troll wizards beggeded the wizard council for help and was largly met with no aid or aid deals that would lose them large amounts of territory. Most of the other wizards felt as though the conflict was to far away for it to concern them.
The elf wizards where the only wizards to offer aid to the trolls without any strings attatched as they knew that if the arachknights made it out of the mountains the elfs would stand no chance. With the help of the elf wizards the trolls where able to stalemate the arachknights once again. The wizards knew there was too many arachknights to defeat and so they decided to seal the depths of the mountains trapping the arachknights inside where they would starve to death.
This plan would cost the lifes of many trolls, elfs, and even some wizards but it would be very succesfull. In the end the wizard Aracdon would be trapped along with his amorians in the depths of the mountains. Unbenknownst to Lyrinth this would not be the end of Aracdon. Stubern and filled with hate he persisted using his magic to channel food for himself and the arachknights. The arachknights would slowly grow in number over the course of tens centuries.
This growth would put even more strain on Aracdon who had no choice now but to feed the arachknights or be eaten himself. Eventually his magic would run dry and the arachknights would begin to starve, yearning for a new meal.

6. The Fire and Ash War
Around fifteen thousand A.T. the Chaos Spirit would try its hand at concquering Lyrinth. Deep in the hell of Mount Valcanica it formed the halfling race known as lavights. Lavights where made of lava able to burn most things they touched. To lead the lavights the Spirit of Chaos created the halfling magmantic a giant behemoth of magma. In the process of creating its army Mount Valcanica would errupt spewing thick black ash all across Lyrinth. The lavights would turn their attention towards taking the wizard capital which was located just south east of Mount Valcanica. The fledgling wizards where the first to notice the advancing lavights and warned the wizard council of the incoming army. The wizards knew of the erruption. The smoke and ash had already passed the capital causing death to plauge them. The news of the incoming army caused them to panic. The wizards knew the bulk of their forces where out west and to call them back would take weeks maybe months. Despite this the capital sent out a cry for help and began to fortify itself for the incoming attack.
The lavight army would reach the capital only a few days later where they would be halted by the wizards. While the wizards where able to overpower the lavights the fire and ash produced by the lavights obscured their vision making fighting hard. The fledgling army was the first to make its way to the lavights shortly followed by the fishling army. Both armies where very ill equiped for the war and suffered major cassualties. The trolls after not recieving aid from the council decided to not send any aid to the council. The trolls knew the council badly needed them which would make them not showing up hurt even more. The warriors and elfs would eventually make their way to wizard capital. This would finally allow the wizards to push the lavights back.
By then the damage to the land was cataclismic with most of the dense forest being burned down and the wild amorians and fona of the reagion all but gone. Slowly the wizards where able to push the lavights back to Mount Valcanica where they would once again be forced into a stand still. The lavights having the home advantage began to once again push the wizards back. With the capital forces already depleted and tired they quickly began to lose their footing and the lavights began to push them back to the capital. It was only thanks to the trolls who had changed their mind out of fear of retalitation by the other wizards that the capital forces where able to stand their ground. With the help of the trolls the lavights where quickly delt with.
In a last ditch effort the Spirit of Chaos would cause Mount Valcanica to erupt again spewing lava into the wizards path. The trolls being made of rock and stone where able to linger in the lava without too much harm. The trolls pushed the remaining lavight forces along with magmantic back into Mount Valcanica. The Spirit of Chaos had failed to concquer Lyrinth. The council of wizards where furious at the trolls for not coming to their aid earlier. The troll wizards argued used the other wizards arguement for not aiding them during the Arachknight Troll war against them. After much argueing the wizard council agreed to not punish the trolls this time but if they failed to aid the council of wizards again they not only would be removed from the council but also exrterminated from Lyrinth.

7. The Great Wizard War
Around fifty thousand A.T. the Great Wizard War would take place. By then lyrinth had to many inhabitants to share the land without overlap. The council of wizards had become a speckle of its former glory, barely able to keep complete war from happening. This would all change when the fledglings and fishling wizards entered into a heated conflict.
Both sides wanted more land from the other. Both sides also wanted the other to be eliminated for good. While the council "tried" to resolve the conflict peacefully it was no use, the fledglings and fishlings declared war on one another. The capital was no longer a safe place for all the races and fighting began to break out in the city. The trolls saw this as their chance to break free from the council.
They had grown tired of always being forced to fight the other wizards battles. The elfs who had long sided with the trolls due to their close proximity also decided to leave the council. The warriors being the only major tribe left in the council deemed the other tribes as traitors to the wizard council and declaired war on all of them. This claim of treason was nothing more than an excuse by the warrior wizards to claim the land of Lyrinth for themselves.
The trolls quickly declaired war on the wizard council forcing the elfs to choose between rejoining the council and facing the wrath of the trolls or sticking with the trolls and facing the wrath of the warriors. The elfs decided to back out of their alliance with the trolls and simply stay nuetral which just angered the trolls who declaired war on the elfs. The fishlings and fledlings seeing the warriors try and take the wizard council for themselves both indivdually declaired war on the council.
Within a matter of a few weeks the Council of Wizards was no more. When the dust settled 98% of the wizards where dead and those who remained where secluded. The quartlings would now had to fend for themselves.





8. Quartlings & Middle Time (M.T.)
The years following the Great Wizard War would be brutal for the quartlings. Without the wizards they where forced to resolve the Great Wizard war on their own. Many tribes simply stopped fighting as a result of them being so weakened by the war and the loss of their wizards. Without leaders the quartlings began to select their own. This gave birth to the very first kings and queens of Lyrinth. These rulers began to rebuild leaving the old wizard capital to fall into ruin.
With the wizards gone and order some what restored the quartlings began to develop. They grew smarter and their kingdoms grew and became more dense. Their ideology of racial supremacy still lingered (stemming from the supremacy held by their wizards) and small scale wars over territory and resources where very common. The War of Power would begin around eight thousand M.T. when the warriors led by the Warrior King Battlekus decided to conquer all of Lyrinth.

9. The War of Power
Battlekus was the first king to equipe their soldier with weapons of war. This would give the warriors the upper hand they needed to compete with the likes of Trolls, Fledglings, & Fishlings. The armory efforts would require significant resources. Something the warriors did not have an abundance of and so they decided to concquer the Elfs land which was rich in metals and other critical materials.
The warriors easilly began to take the Elf cities slaughtering and enslaving its people. This came to a stop when Battlekus reached the Elf capital and met face to face with the Elf Queen Dianod. Dianod reasoned that if Battlekus took the elf land by force they would succeed in the short term but would eventually run out of resources. Dianod offered a deal. Spare her people and in return they will help wage the warriors war and provide the resources needed to fuel the war.
While initially skeptical Battlekus would agree to the deal and the elfs would join the war on the warriors side. From there the warriors continued marching west until they reached the Trolls land. The trolls tall, strong, and hard to see amoung the rocks had the home advantage. That coupled with their vast cave systems made it very hard for the warriors to capture and kill the Trolls leading to a stalemate on the western front. Up north would also pose a challenge to the warriors. 
The Fledglings and the Fishlings shared a very close often overlapping border. To get to the fishlings the warriors would have to traverse underwater where they were very weak and untrained at combat. Furthermore to reach the fledglings the warriors would have to manage slow air ballons (often a raft with a hot air ballon in the center with poor means of steering) which could easilly be knocked out of the sky. Then one night a blinding light came from the sky and from it came what looked to be an asteroid brighter than any seen before.
It appeared to have crashed halfway between the Old Wizard Capital and Central Lyrinth. That very night Battlekus would see a premishion. In it he went to where the asteriod had crashed and what he found was a stone capable of makeing him more powerfull than any wizard recorded before. This stone would be named the "Power Stone" and had the ability to grant any user (not just wizard) the power to channel exclusivly using the power of the Power Spirit. Early that morning Battlekus would mobalize the majority of his troops to securing the stone.
If Battlekus were to get his hands on the power stone he would be able to finally reach the other races and rule Lyrinth under the Warrior race. In an attempt to restore balance the Spirit of Balance created Alderin and Eldrin at the old wizard capital. Unlike other wizards these two where born from the same source. Eldrin shared only the will of his spirit while Aldrin shared only his own will. 
The Spirit of Balance ordered Aldrin and Eldrin to create the Goblins a weaker but more populus race that would be able to challenge the warriors. By the time their army was ready the Warriors where around eight days away from the power stone. Aldrin and Eldrin would lead their army to the power stone where they would meet Battlekus's army. The battle was fierce but Aldrin and Eldrin where able to get the upper hand and reach the power stone before Battlekus.
In the end Battlekus was slayed and the warriors where pushed back into their original territory. Alderin and Elderin split the power stone and shared the power equilly. From then on they along with their goblin army would halt wars and bring balance to Lyrinth.

10. The Sandling Revolt
As a result of the sandlings environment being unbearably hot no other races but the sandlings occupied the southern most region of Lyrinth. After centuries of isolation after the Great Wizard War the sandlings had built up a formidable population. The sand Wizard Sandimon The Grainy had lead the sandlings for centuries and seeing the weakend state of Lyrinth decided now was the perfect time to attack. However the defeat of the Warriors at the hands of Aldrin and Eldrin sent fear into the sandlings. 
The Sand Wizard was unfaised however and was meer days away from launching an all out invasion of Lyrinth. The sandlings however had enough and decided to revolt. They gathered both soldiers and common folk for their cause and began the Sandling Revolt. This revolt would end in the death of Sandimon along with the death of half of all sandlings and the complete destruction of the sandling society and structures. This revolt would take centuries for the sandlings to heal from.

11. Fledgling Fishling War
Around ten thousand M.T. Alderin and Eldrin would face another large scale war. After years of relativly low wars the Fledglings had too great of a population for their floating islands. And so they lifted more into the sky to build new homes. This cast some of the fishlings farm land into darkness starving them. The Fishling Wizard Bass declared war on the fledglings. He used his power to raise towers of water directly upward toward the fledgling islands.
One by one the fledgling towns and citys fell to the fishlings. The fledglings came to Aldrin and Eldrin and pleaded for their help. Aldrin and Eldrin agreed and they began to prepare to invade the fishling territory. Aldrin was tasked with pushing the fishlings out of the fledgling territories. Eldrin was tasked with vanquishing the Wizard Bass. The fledglings flew platoons of goblins up to the islands along with Aldrin. In the mean time Eldrin bought the fledlings time to transport them to the islands.
After brutal fighting and almost drowning in a tower of water the Wizard Bass was killed stoping the water towers. Before leaving Aldrin and Eldrin pushed the new islands away from the fishlings farm land and made the fledglings and fishlings begin negotiations to stop the conflict. While the war was over the hatetred between the fishlings and fledglings remained for centuries.

12. Build up
Around fifteen thousand M.T. the amount of conflicts requiring the Goblins had dropped to around zero and so the Goblins where allowed to retire and live amoung Lyrinth like the other races. They inhabeted Lyrinths Capital which was located at the center of Lyrinth. Over the course of centuries the Goblins became deeply attatched with the belief that they where the superior race of Lyrinth that it caused a perminant rift between Aldrin & Eldrin and the goblins.
The warriors saw this as an opportunity and offered their aid to the two wizards. While they initially rejected the proposal they eventually agreed as conflicts demanded it. The goblins where forced out of the capital and relocated to the old wizard capital. With the warriors and Aldrin and Eldrin general peace was maintained for centuries.

13. The First Battle For Lyrinth
Around twenty thousand M.T. Eldrin would have a premishion. In it he forsaw his death at the hands of the Warrior Prince Blade. Prince Blade was only two years old at the time but Aldrin was uncaring. He snuck into Blades room and was meer moments away from killing Blade before the Warrior King Swordon confronted Aldrin. Enraged he called his guards along with Eldrin who was heartbroken to see what his brother had become. Eldrin knew that Aldrin had to be killed but before he could kill Aldrin, Aldrin escaped.
Aldrin was no where to be found but intel from the royal fledglings suggested he had made his way to the Goblin Capital. Fearing the worst King Swordon raised his entire army including some of the elf divisions to find and slay Aldrin. During this time Aldrin reached the Goblin Capital and struck a deal with the Goblin King Nastron. In return for restoring the Goblins as the dominant race along with granting King Nastron with power the Goblins would kill Prince Blade.
Before the Warriors set out to kill Aldrin, Eldrin created to halflings to watch over the region as the local guards, militias, and soldiers where all needed in the battle. The first halfling he made was for the elfs. It was a tall and strong being made of a variety of different flora. Aldrin named it the Forest Guardian. The second halfling Aldrin made was a shining knight. He brandhished the power to summon lightning from his sword. Aldrin named him the Warrior Guardian and placed him to guard the Warrior's capital.
The Warrior King Swordon was also able to convince the other races to send in a small amount of troops to help in the attack. This the king was barely able to do. They gathered their troops near the entrance of the Goblin Capital. There on the field before the gates lay a giagantic hord of Goblins. Eldrin was flown into the Goblin Capital Building where he confronted Aldrin. His royal fledglings made quick work of the guards. Eldrin begged Aldrin to call of the attack. To surrender and they could be brothers again but Aldrin was unmoving.
He had made his decision. The fight was brutal but Eldrin was victorius. Before he cast the final blow he was struck aside by General Kron. General Kron was Eldrins halfling. A giant skeleton monster. Eldrin was no match for them both and was killed. Meanwhile on the battle field the warriors where winning the battle when suddenly a ray of light came from the capital building. Instantly the goblins became stronger. General Kron along with Aldrin made there way onto the battle field seeling the warriors fate.
King Swordon was forced to order a retread but it was too late. They where hunted down as they fled. Some of them along with the King managed to make their way back to the Warriors Capital but found that Eldrins halflings had turned on them. King Swordon gave his life fending off the goblins and the Warrior Guardian. His people would be almost wiped off the face of Lyrinth.

14. Rasing Prince Blade
Before the First Battle of Lyrinth King Swordon made his brother Speardon take his son Blade to an isolated mountain top deep in troll territory where he knew the Goblins would not reach them for a long time.
Speardon after not hearing back for months assumed the worst had happened. Speardon along with Prince Blade lived on the mountain. Speardon would train Blade every day refusing to hold back. When Blade turned eight teen he would finally get to put his skills to use.
In the middle of the night their house would be lit ablaze. Escaping the house they saw a legion of Goblins. While Blade and Speardon where able to defeat them Speardon took a fatal blow. In his dying breath Speardon told Blade to go to Lyrinths Capital and kill the Goblin King Nastron.
Only then would the other races join his effort in restoring balance and killing Aldrin. Blade would make his way down the mountain and into elf territory. As punishment for aiding the warriors the elfs where enslaved by the goblins and forced to exploit their lands resources.
Even still the elfs fought back. On his journy Blade would come across the Forest Guardian where they would battle. Blade would be victorius dealing a major blow to the Goblins control of the reagion. After this he met the Queen of the Elfs, Fernna. Before he left he vowed to return once he killed the Goblin King and free her people.
After weeks of traveling and fighting Blade reached the Dead Warrior Capital. There among the bodies he found his father brandishing his sword Reflodon. He took the sword and was ambushed by Goblins and the Warrior Guardian. Seeing the dead skeletons of his people he refused to hold back. He avenged his father by killing the Guardian which had killed him.
Eventually Blade made it to the Goblin Capital which was no longer located east in the old wizard capital but rather central Lyrinth. Here he confronted the king. And with all his power and strength he slayed King Nastron.

15. Death of King Nastron
With the goblin king dead Aldrin was furious. He tightened his control of Lyrinth. He was furious Blade had not been delt with. While Aldrin originaly had not cared about genocide he know saw it as his only option to save himself as he knew the other races would unite and turn against him.
True to his word Blade returned to the elfs land and helped to erradicate the goblin presence in the region while also serving to cut the goblins in the troll region from resupplying. It was here that Blade became to assemble his army against Aldrin. While the elfs where no fighters they where better than nothing. Blades first move was to convice the Troll King Granite to join his cause.
King Granite was more than egar to agree to Blades proposal at the goblins had slowly begun to make their way into their territory. Now with the aid of the Trolls Blade made his way to the North in hopes of recruiting both the fledglings and the fishlings. There he would have to face off against the Air Demon and the Water Demon. Both of which were halfling creations made by Aldrin to erradicate the races before they would have the chance to turn against him.
After defeating the two halflings Blade had secured all of Lyrinth against the goblins and Aldrin. 

16. The Second Battle For Lyrinth
Blade led his troops onto the old wizard capital where Aldrin once again resided. This time on the field lay Aldrins entire goblin army along with General Kron. Blade knew that he needed to take out Aldrin in order to weaken the goblins enough for his army to be able to win. The fledglings flew Blade into Aldrins thrown room and they began to fight.
Blade dogged attack after attack managing to sneak in blows. Before Blade would deal the final blow he would get struck by Aldrins magic. While stuned Blades conshense would be transported to the spirit realm where he would be face to face with the Spirit of War and the Spirit of Balance. They told Blade to restore order. That he was the only one able to restore order.
Thanks to Reflodon his sword had absorbed most of the magic. In an instant he slashed Aldrin and watched him drop to the floor. Blade had avenged not only his people but had freed Lyrinth. With one more blow Blade destroyed the power stone. Blade knew the power stone was to dangerous to be left in tact. With the stone shattered the goblins enhancments vanished and they fell.
Blade returned to the battle field to see General Kron dead and the majority of the goblins defeated. Instead of ordering his troops to finish the goblins off like they had to his people he isntead ordered they put put into camps where they could be monitored and hopefully someday be integrated back into Lyrinth.






17. Peace & Common Time (C.T.)
Blade would take his fathers thrown and become King Blade. He would marry the Elf Queen Fernna who would give birth to the first of many humans, warriors, and elfs. The elfs and warriors had become so close their spirits had become intertwined giving way to the awakening of the human spirit.
Blade would be brought to tears to find that some of his people had survived the goblin genocide. While not a lot, around two hundred of his own people had survived the genocide. King Blade re-established the warrior capital, along with Lyrinth's capital for all the races to inhabit. The humans also established their own capital in north of the warrior capital.
The humans where not as strong as warriors nor where they as resourcefull as elfs but they where great inventors. For many centuries Lyrinth would have peace.

18. The Druin War
Around one thousand C.T. Lyrinth would face another giant war. For centuries the Council of Lyrinth headed by every race's leader except for the goblins had maintained peace. This would change when one day a bright light mostly unseen by the rays of the sun would crash into the sandlings domain. It was almost immediatly discovered by nearby sandlings who where keepign watch. They brought the stone to their leader King Sunron who was joyus to see the stone.
With the power stone the King decided to end the sandlings policy of isolation and finally rejoin the other races of Lyrinth. He sent out a messaging party to talk to the representatives of Lyrinth. With the power stone King Sunron planned on first using the stone to grow the sandling empire and then use it to maintain peace in Lyrinth. That night was dark.
Very very dark. From the ground came the Druin the spawn of the Spirit of Chaos. They where taller than a warrior and where made of black cristal like gems. They where extremly strong and deadly. Urgon, Ergon, and Argon where their leaders. Argon being the king of the Druin. They quickly disposed of the guards and managed to over run the Sandling capital. 
In a panic King Sunron sent another messaging party to warn Lyrinth of the incoming threat just in case he failed to destroy the threat. King Sunron would give his life aiding his people escape the capital but was eventually slain by Argon. Argon split the stone in three parts the biggest going to Argon and the other parts going to Urgon and Ergon. With the power stone they summoned a dark cloud of smog to cover the sun. 
The first messaging party would succesfully reach the capital. The other races where baffled but eventually accepted the kings proposal. Then the next morning the second mesaging party arrived. This would be the councils first real test. They mobalized the bulk of their forces to defend the capital. Over the course of a month the Druin made their way across Lyrinth targeting the Troll's and Elf's domain and the goblin camps.
The council realized they where being surrounded. Not only this but the darkness had begun to grow and if they did not act soon they would run out of food. When all seemed lost a third solo messager arrived to the capital. It was not of any recognizable race. It brandished a sword and told the council why it was there. It said the sword it held had the power to make one into three. And that only with the sword would Ergon, Urgon, and Argon be defeated.
By stabbing the stones with the sword and then lifting the sword to the sky the Druin would be vanquished. And then it disapeared leaving only the sword. With no other option the council assesed their mighties fighters and landed on the Warrior Prince Razion a long long decendent of the fabboled King Blade. When they gave Razion the sword he split into three. One elf, one warrior, and one human. Each with a copy of the sword.
By now Lyrinth was in chaos. The goblins had fallen into civil war with the Druin backing the supremisist goblins and the Council backing the reformation goblins. In the west the trolls and elfs where losing their cities to the druin forced to flee or die. The council decided that the elf Razion would defeat Urgon in the west, the human Razion would defeat Ergon in the east, and the warrior Razion would defeat Argon at the capital.
Elf Razion was able to use his elf powers to free the Trolls in internment camps and lead a revult from deep within Druin captured territory. With the backing of the trolls and elfs the druin began to be pushed out. Urgon seeing this rallied his soldiers but was caught off guard and killed by the Elf Razion. After Urgons defeat Elf Razion faded to dust. In the east the fighting was more brutal. The druin backed goblins where winning. They where one blow away from losing the east. A large force had been cornered up a hill and was under seige. The Human Razion constructed foritification and cannon fire.
With the cannons and foritification the goblins and druin where unable to break through. Using strategy and superior long ranged artillery cannons the reformationist began to win battle after battle eventually circling the supremisist goblins along with Ergon. With no where to go Ergon led a final push to break through their forces. But Ergons forces where decimated by the cannons and Ergon would be seveirly hurt. The Human Razion would finish Ergon off before fading to dust.
With Urgon and Ergon defeated Argon was the only remaining threat. Unlike his brothers Argon had opted to wait and strengthen his army before attacking. Argon led his hord of druin toward the capital. The capital guards where outnumbered almost one to fifteen. The Council knew its fate relied on the defeat of Urgon and Ergon freeing the east and west to aid in the attack. But it was too late as Argon had beat the reinforcements.
Before the battle could begin Argon raised his sword to the sky and from it came raining down druin directly into the capital. This forced the already thin capital army to have to split its forces to defend the capital and the fight Argon. The Kings and Queens of the council along with the Warrior Razion would fight valently buying enough time for the reinforcements from the east and west to arrive. With the reinforcements the council kings and queens returned to help defend the capital. 
The fight between Warrior Razion and Argon would be of almost equal match. In the end Warrior Razion would deal the final blow stabbing Argon through the crown and holding it up with his head and body still on the sword. In that moment the sky cleared up. The darkness vanished and the druin began to turn dull their bodies becoming still and lifeless. Eventually their bodies began to break apart and blow away in the wind. Argons body also became still and lifeless but did not break apart.
In that moment Razion would hear the voice of the Spirit of Balance. My power is no strong enough to vanquish the Spirit of Chaos nor is their power enough to vanquish me. Yet I can stall them. I will not be able to help aid Lyrinth. But I believe Lyrinth is capable of aiding itself. Lyrinth had won but lost its guardian protector.

19. After Math of the Druin War
The Druin war had showed the races of Lyrinth the need for better weaponry and better military training. This need for better weaponry would push the humans to develop better and more suffisticated technology. With this new technology came the invention of guns capable of shooting projectiles at very fast speeds.
The war had also showed the races that the goblins had changed. Prince Razion would be the biggest advocate for the goblins re-introduction into Lyrinth society. Having seen the goblins give their lives to stop the druin Razion lobbied to have them officially pardoned and given representation in the council a request which was quickly accepted.
Along with the goblins the sandlings where also granted representation in the council. Aid and workers would be sent to the sandlings kingdom to help rebuild after the druin attack. Even more aid would go into rebuilding the east. The goblin camps where torn down along with the ancient wizard city and a new goblin capital was built.
The elfs and trolls rebuilt their land and the capital of Lyrinth began to flourish once more. Human technology would continue to advance shaping the world of Lyrinth.

20. The Stellion War & Mecha-Aldrin
Around ten thousand C.T. the humans would begin to devise a way of ensuring Lyrinth was always protected even in the most harshest of environment. They began to come up with the design for Stellions, metalic beings that when alive would have the durabilty of a troll but with the thin and nible frame of a warrior. The design was almost perfect.
But it lacked life. The humans began to design a new being one capable of tethering a spirits power directly into the Stellions. This invention would be known as the Advanced Intelligence. Unlike the Stellion the Advanced Intelligence was never designed to be mobile. Rather it was a large dense cube with an interface. Using the AI the humans where able to bring life into the Stellions.
Multiple Stellion and war factories where constructed in Lyrinth Capital and a sparse few in the Human Capital. With these factories the Stellion where mass produced. They where equiped with armor and weapons and tasked to secure Lyrinth. After the production of tens of thousands of Stellion the factories would be shut down as they had served their purpose.
The AI however would be repurposed as an advanced prediction and threat analysis model. It was tasked with not only analysing past events to discover weaknesses but also with predicting future attacks. As the years went on the AI began to grow a fasination for M.T. specifically involving the Aldrin and Eldrin. It predicted that if Aldrin had taken a more active approach Aldrin would have had a 78% of eradicating all the races of Lyrinth.
This fasination with genocide was its purpose yet the AI had no means of preventing it. It began to yearn to enact it and so it began to plan. The AI began to create reports that disterbing frequencies where coming from the northern side of Lyrinth specifically the fishling fledgling domain. The AI predicted a 84% invasion by an unknown force within the next hundred years.
The humans where estatic that they where able to catch the threat early and began to produce even more Stellion to fortify the northern front. Unbenknownst to the humans the AI would alter these new Stellion. The AI tethered a small portion of itself to every new Stellion allow the AI to force its will onto the Stellions when the time came. Most of the uncorrupted Stellion in the capital where moved to the northern front making way for the corrupted Stellion to take their place.
Within twenty years the dominant military force in Lyrinth Capital was secretly under the control of the AI. Then one day the AI began to enact its master plan. It shut down the factory it was stored in. The humans in it where killed by the Stellion and out of the factory came Mecha-Aldrin. With the AI's new form it was finally able to enact its will on Lyrinth. The Lyrinth Capital quickly fell from within.
While a valient effort was given by the the Council Kings and Queens it was futile. The citizens of Lyrinth Capital would attempt to flee with just slightly more than half of them being able to escape. The council members where all but wiped out except for the Goblin King Gordon, the Warrior King Barbaron, and the Fishling Queen Gilliute who managed to escape. Shortly after the Capital began to come under fire so too did the fishling domain.
The AI backed Stellion outnumbered the capital backed Stellion more than one to eight. The fishlings where out matched by the Stellions and brutal fighting would occur ravaging the fishling land and people. The fleeing capital members made their way to the Human Capital and began to strategize a recovery plan. Most of the heavy ranged artillery cannons, tanks, and general war necessities where located in Lyrinth Capital.
The council enacted immergancy factory mandates requiring them to be run twenty four seven and to produce the equipment and materials needed for war. 

21. The Fishling, Fledgling Front of The Stellion War
With the use of underwater tanks along with the great amount of corrupt stellion the fishling stood no chance. Their amorians where killed and their farms destroyed. The fishlings who did not die in battle would die of starvation. It got so bad that the Fledglings had to organize large relocation campaigns to move the majority of the fishlings to the fledgling floating islands where they would be relativly safe.
With most of the fishlings being relocated and surviving off rations given by the other Lyrinth races along with the fledglings food they began to strategize their plan of attack. The fledglings and fishlings begged the goblins to help aid them. The goblins had been relativly untouched by the Stellions as the AI believed they would join his side as some of the goblins had done during the Druin war. This however would not happen as the Goblins quickly joined the war. While the goblins could not fight in the water they began a great effort to cut the corrupt stellions off from the capital.
Furthermore the goblins began to push the corrupt Stellions from the shores into the water where they were more vulnerable. Without reinforcements and with the invention of an energy gun capable of shooting incapacitating electricity the fledglings and fishlings where slowly able to gain back their footing over their domains. The corrupt Stellions tanks would become victim to the fishling and fledgling bombing campaigns that where very succesfull. The corrupt Stellion would slowly be pushed back to the shores where they would be corned on all sides. This would spell the end of the corrupt Stellions in the northern part of Lyrinth.
With the threat gone the forces pivoted towards aiding in the capital raid.

22. The Western Front of The Stellion War
The council began to consolidate its armies at the Human Capital. The trolls, elfs, warriors, humans, and even the sandlings all came to the councils aid. What shoked the council the most was the large amount of noncorrupt stellions that showed up. They were egar to prove their loyalty to Lyrinth by fighting and dying for its honor. Togther they devised a plan for taking back the capital. They had limited bombing fledglings and limited tanks but they outnumbered the corrupt Stellions almost three to one. They decided on an initial bombing campaign on the capital followed by an invasion of the capital and if possible later reinforcements from up north.
The council waited and bulked up its forces sending supplies up north to aid in the northern campaign. When the council got word that the corrupt stellions had been encircled they began their attack assuming the AI would send reinforcements away from the capital and toward the northern front. The initial bombing campaign was largly ineffective as Mecha-Aldrin used his power to create an electical shield above the capital prematurely detonating the bombs. However one of the long range cannons was destroyed.
The capital raid was headed by the warrior King Gladitor who weilded the ancient sword Reflodon. The charge from the field to the capital was brutal. Cannon fire and tank fire rained down on the army. Despite this and the heavy amount of corrupt stellions the council's army was able to breach the capital. Once inside the fledglings, fishlings, goblins, and the remaining stellions began their advance on the capital haulting around half of the corrupt stellion forces from dealing with the council's army.
This allowed the army to begin taking down the advanged long ranged cannons. King Gladitor would face off against Mecha-Aldrin who would use his lightning abilities to try and kill King Gladitor. It was thanks to Reflodon that King Gladitor was able to reflect/absorb most of Mecha-Aldrins attacks. Mecha-Aldrin however was too powerful for King Gladitor to take down but King Gladitor never ment to take down Mecha-Aldrin just stall him. In his final moments King Gladitor tossed his sword away and held Mecha-Aldrin in place.
Allowing one of the long ranged cannons to lock onto them and fire full blast. King Gladitor and Mecha-Aldrin where killed in the fire. In that instant the remaining corrupt stellion fell to the ground. They had been freed from the AI's will. The war had ended

23. Aftermath of The Stellion War
Following the death of Mecha-Aldrin the stellion factories where all destroyed to prevent such an event from happening again. The council was quickly re-formed and the kings and queens began to talk about sending the stellions to camps as they had done centuries ago to the goblins. The goblin King Snorgon objected to the proposition and instead offered the council another solution. The goblins would allow the stellions to live in their domain barring them from living anywhere else but not forcing them into camps. The council agreed and the Stellion Capital was soon established in east.
While Mecha-Aldrin was dead his body was rich with advanced technology the humans had never seen. This technology would allow the humans to get an express ticket into more advanced technologies. However the council saw the great errors in the humans way. They blamed the humans ignorance of technology for the start of the war. More strict laws where put in place for technology and the factories to make weapons where to be spread equally among all the councils capitals to ensure no one capital could over power another.
The fishlings and fledlings who had been bitter rivals for centuries upon centuries had finally grown close to one another. After the war the first Fairlings, half fishling, half fledgling where born. A creation made by the Spirit of the Sky and the Spirit of the Water. The Fairlings lived in both the fishling and fledgling domain. They could both fly and swim all be it not as well as a fledgling or fishling. What little if any hatred between the two races disapeared as the Fairlings had unified the two races.
After a century the Stellion where granted the right to join the Council along with the ability to freely move around in Lyrinth. The goblins had shielded the stellions from the very same hatred they had recieved many centuries ago. Peace would remain in Lyrinth for many years to come.

